com/witnip/bmi/BuildConfig.java
 com.witnip.bmi.BuildConfig
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/IdealWeightCalculation.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightCalculation$5
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/EditProfile.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$6
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$7
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$8
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$9
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.EditProfile$9$1
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/BfpCalculation.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpCalculation$5
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Logout.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Logout
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/ResetPassword.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.ResetPassword
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.ResetPassword$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.ResetPassword$1$1
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Splash.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Splash
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Splash$1
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/CaloriesCalculation.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.CaloriesCalculation$6
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/SetUpActivity.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$1$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$10
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$11
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$6
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$7
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$8
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$9
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.SetUpActivity$9$1
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WaterIntakeGraph.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntakeGraph
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntakeGraph$1
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/BmiCalculation.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiCalculation
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiCalculation$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiCalculation$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiCalculation$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiCalculation$4
com/witnip/bmi/Model/WaterIntakeGraphModel.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Model.WaterIntakeGraphModel
com/witnip/bmi/Model/WaterIntake.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Model.WaterIntake
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/OnBoard.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.OnBoard
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.OnBoard$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.OnBoard$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.OnBoard$3
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Profile.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Profile
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Profile$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Profile$2
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/BmiResult.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BmiResult
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WeightTracker.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightTracker
com/witnip/bmi/DatePicker/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.witnip.bmi.DatePicker.DatePickerFragment
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/IdealWeightResult.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.IdealWeightResult
com/witnip/bmi/BMI.java
 com.witnip.bmi.BMI
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Login.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$6
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$7
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$8
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Login$9
com/witnip/bmi/Adapters/SliderAdapter.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Adapters.SliderAdapter
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/About.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.About
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/BfpResult.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.BfpResult
com/witnip/bmi/FirebaseDatabaseHandler.java
 com.witnip.bmi.FirebaseDatabaseHandler
 com.witnip.bmi.FirebaseDatabaseHandler$1
 com.witnip.bmi.FirebaseDatabaseHandler$2
 com.witnip.bmi.FirebaseDatabaseHandler$2$1
 com.witnip.bmi.FirebaseDatabaseHandler$3
com/witnip/bmi/Model/User.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Model.User
com/witnip/bmi/Model/WaterIntakeModel.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Model.WaterIntakeModel
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WaterIntake.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$6
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$7
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$8
com/witnip/bmi/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$10
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$11
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$12
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$13
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$6
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$7
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$8
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$9
=======
com/witnip/bmi/Adapters/WaterIntakeAdapter.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Adapters.WaterIntakeAdapter
 com.witnip.bmi.Adapters.WaterIntakeAdapter$WaterIntakeViewHolder
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WeightTrackerGraph.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightTrackerGraph
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightTrackerGraph$1
com/witnip/bmi/Model/WeightTrackerModel.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Model.WeightTrackerModel
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WeightGoal.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WeightGoal$5
com/witnip/bmi/Dialog/WeightDialog.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WeightDialog
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WeightDialog$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WeightDialog$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WeightDialog$WeightTrackerDialogListener
>>>>>>> 176e029... you can login without upload profile pick
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Register.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Register
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Register$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Register$2
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Share.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Share
com/witnip/bmi/Dialog/WaterDialog.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WaterDialog
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WaterDialog$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WaterDialog$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Dialog.WaterDialog$WaterDialogListener
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/Diet.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.Diet
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.MainActivity
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.MainActivity$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.MainActivity$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.MainActivity$3
com/witnip/bmi/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$10
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$11
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$12
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$13
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$14
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$15
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$2$1
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$6
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$7
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$8
 com.witnip.bmi.ui.home.HomeFragment$9
com/witnip/bmi/Activities/WaterIntake.java
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$1
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$2
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$3
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$4
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$5
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$6
 com.witnip.bmi.Activities.WaterIntake$7
